DOCS-10463 1.82 (Jun 1) (#209)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/update-acm.adoc

. If you are upgrading from a package version before 1.74, follow the <<post-174>> and then continue with these instructions.
. If you are upgrading from a package version before 1.77, follow the <<post-177>> and then continue with these instructions.
. If you are upgrading from a package version before 1.79, follow the <<post-179>> and then continue with these instructions.

> . If you are upgrading from a package version before 1.80.1, follow the <<post-1801>> and then continue with these instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you are upgrading from a package version earlier than 1.80.1, follow the <<post-1801>> and then continue with these instructions.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . If you are upgrading from a package version before 1.82, follow the <<post-182>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you are upgrading from a package version earlier than 1.82, follow the <<post-182>>.
```

Author: Fixed.

.. Save.
. Verify that your permissions match those in the xref:create-community.adoc#configure-profiles-and-permissions[Configure Profiles and Permissions] documentation.

Return to the main list of upgrade instructions to continue.

[[post-182]]
== Postinstallation Steps When Upgrading from a Version Before 1.82

If you are upgrading from a package version before 1.82, use either the automatic or manual configuration methods to update the permissions of the *Member* and *Guest* profiles on the *AnypointAssetCustomFields* and *AnypointCustomFields* objects, and ensure both *Member* and *Guest* profiles have field-level *Read* access to the *AssetVersionId* field in the *AnypointApiInstances* object:

> 

Reviewer: Instead of one big task, separate automatic and manual configuration.

Author: Fixed.

. Automatic configuration:

> .. From the Anypoint API Community Manager control panel, open the Salesforce App Launcher and search for *API Community Manager Diagnostics*.

Reviewer: Search text is user entry that should be presented in lowercase monospace.

Author: Fixed.

.. Configure the *Member* profile permissions:
... Click *Setup* > *Profiles*.
... Open the *Member* profile.
... Click *Object settings* > *AnypointAssetCustomFields*.
... Ensure that *Read* is enabled and, in *Field Permissions*, ensure that all fields have *Read Access* enabled.
... Click *Object settings* > *AnypointCustomFields*.
... Ensure that *Read* is enabled and, in *Field Permissions*, ensure that all fields have *Read Access* enabled.
... Click *Object settings* > *AnypointApiInstances*.
... Ensure that the *AssetVersionId* field has *Read* access.
... Save.
.. Configure the *Guest* profile permissions:
... Open the community builder.
... Click *Settings* > *General*.
... Open the *Guest* profile.
... Click *Object settings* > *AnypointAssetCustomFields*.
... Ensure that *Read* is enabled and, in *Field Permissions*, ensure that all fields have *Read Access* enabled.
... Click *Object settings* > *AnypointCustomFields*.
... Ensure that *Read* is enabled and, in *Field Permissions*, ensure that all fields have *Read Access* enabled.
... Click *Object settings* > *AnypointApiInstances*.
... Ensure that the *AssetVersionId* field has *Read* access.
... Save.

> . Verify that your permissions match those in the xref:create-community.adoc#configure-profiles-and-permissions[Configure Profiles and Permissions] documentation.

Reviewer: Add to the end of the two separate tasks or make plain text after the second task:
```suggestion
After you perform configurations, verify that your permissions match those in the xref:create-community.adoc#configure-profiles-and-permissions[Configure Profiles and Permissions] documentation.
```

Author: Added to each of the two separate tasks.
